and we start with breaking news from the
Middle East the armed wing of the
Palestinian militant group Hamas says it
has launched what it describes as a
large rocket barrage towards Israel
warning sirens have sounded in the
Israeli coastal city of Tel Aviv let's
go straight over to our correspondent in
Jerusalem Tanya ker what more can you
tell us
Tanya well it's indeed the first time in
weeks or you could say in months now
that such a large barrage of rocket was
launched towards uh Northern Tel Aviv
all those cities Beyond in the north of
Tel Aviv and Central Israel cities like
and communities like
PVA and hat Lea now the uh Israeli
military has said that eight projectiles
were launched from the area of rafar
this is where the military is currently
carrying out its offensive coming in
there from the East and moving uh
towards the center of rafar hamas's
military Wing the alasam brigades have
said that they have launched this large
barrage of rockets in retaliation for
the ongoing military operation uh now
this shows that we have been seeing
actually in recent weeks more rockets
and mortars being fired into Southern uh
Israel but not so much these longer
range missiles as today but this shows
that Hamas and other militant groups
have or retain the capability of
launching such uh longer uh range
missiles uh this comes on the backdr
that there are some reports that uh
potentially uh some talks or
negotiations indirect negotiations might
restart this week about a temporary
ceasefire and the release of hostages
but what we are seeing right now is
intense fighting continuing uh in Gaza
and so many people civilians there being
told to move again in Gaza in response
to that fighting which is in response to
the October 7 Terror attacks led by
Hamas DW T there thank you